Change background color to white (#890)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/components/Card/Card.docs.mdx

<Status.Stable />

> Cards are one of the most important elements that give structure for the content we are showing to our users. They group related information and make our product easy to scan and understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cards are one of the most important elements that give structure to the content we are showing to our users. They group related information and make our product easy to scan and understand.
```

- **Do** place primary buttons on the bottom of the card, especially the main call to action for the next step
- **Do not** place more than one primary button on a card
- **Do not** fill the card with a lot of content. If the card requires too much scrolling, consider breaking it into multiple sections with different cards

> - **Do not** place a card

Reviewer: 😄

## Component variations

### Card Spacings

Cards come in two spacing variations, `mega` and `giga`. `giga` is the default and should be used for most cases.

<Story id="components-card--spacings" />

### CardHeader

> Cards can also include in themselves several components, such as a configurable CardHeader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cards can also include several components as children, such as a configurable CardHeader.
```
